RRI174
Patient: Miss Natalie Tinkler Ref By: Dr Tran Nguyen
DOB: 13/09/1982 ExamDate: 27/04/2021
Patient ID: SIP19811 Reported: 28/04/202113:33
Site: Specialist ImagingPartners
PELVICULTRASOUND
HISTORY: Dyspareuniaanddysmenorrhoa. Previous USS= stuck left ovary.Planningforsurgeryjune
?endometriosis
FINDINGS:
Transvaginaland transabdominal ultrasound performed.Reference was made to the report of the pelvic MRI
performedat Benson's Radiology 22/4/2021.
Uterus:
The uterus is antevertedand is normal in size at 76 x 54 x 41mm (vol 87.7 ml).
Thereare no focal or diffuse myometrialabnormalities.
Theendometrialthicknessmeasures 9.4mm (Day 20 of 26-28). No focal endometrial lesion identified. The
uterine cavity shape is normal on 3D coronal images. The uterus was freelymobileandnontender.
RightOvary:
A thorough assessment of the right adnexa was performed both transabdominallyandtransvaginally.The right
ovary was not convincingly visualised. Upon following the fallopiantube laterally from the uterine fundus, there
is aregion which measures 12 x 7 x 7mm (vol0.2cc)andcontainsa single asmallcystic space which may
represent the ovary.
Left Ovary:
The left ovarymeasures 39 x 34 x 14mm (vol9.9cc)andcontains 13 follicles (2 - 9mm). A 17mm corpus luteum
was visualised. Theovary was located deep to the uterus. Minimal mobility was demonstrated with probe
pressure which is likely due to position however filmy adhesionsat this location cannotbe excluded.
The previously seenendometrioma was not visualised.
Noadnexal masses or cystswerenoted. Nofree fluid was present in the pelvis.
Endometriosis Ultrasound:
Thevaginal wall anduterosacralligamentswere not thickened andhavenormal mobility.
Theovaries, uterus andbladderhavenormal mobility.
Therectalmuscularis was examined to the level of the distal sigmoid colon. There was normalmovement of the
rectum and no endometriotic nodules wereidentified.
CONCLUSION
The right ovary was not confidently identified,there is a tiny structure in the expected location of the right ovary
which is equivocal forovarian tissue.
Minimal mobility of th left ovarynoted with probepressure.
Normalappearanceand mobility of the uterus, left ovary, bladderand rectum. No nodules of endometriosis
identified. Superficial deposits of endometriosiswill not beidentified on ultrasound.
Sonographer:AlisonDeslandes
Dr Marianne Balogh
MBBS,FRANZCR
CC: Dr Rizwan Kajani

--- Page Break ---

